FIX deprecate sample_weight in predict method of BaseKMeans (#25251)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

    :pr:`123456` by :user:`Joe Bloggs <joeongithub>`.
    where 123456 is the *pull request* number, not the issue number.

:mod:`sklearn.cluster`
......................

> - |API| The `sample_weight` parameter in `predict` method is now deprecated for
>   :class:`cluster.KMeans` and :class:`cluster.MiniBatchKMeans` and will be removed in v1.5.
>   :pr:`25251` by :user:`Gleb Levitski <glevv>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |API| The `sample_weight` parameter in `predict` for
  :meth:`cluster.KMeans.predict` and :meth:`cluster.MiniBatchKMeans.predict`
  is now deprecated and will be removed in v1.5.
  :pr:`25251` by :user:`Gleb Levitski <glevv>`.
```
